.TH asciiplanets 1 "2015-08-13" "asciiplanets" "User Commands"
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH NAME
asciiplanets \- ASCII solar system observer
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBasciiplanets\fP
[\fB\-\-crosshair\fP|\fB\-c\fP]
[\fB\-\-font\-aspect\fP \fIFONT_ASPECT\fP]
[\fB\-\-help\fP|\fB\-h\fP]
[\fB\-\-no\-colors\fP]
[\fB\-\-no\-trailing\-newline\fP|\fB\-T\fP]
[\fB\-\-date\fP \fIYYYY-MM-DD\fP]
[\fB\-\-offset\fP \fIOFFSET\fP]
[\fB\-\-outer\fP]
[\fB\-\-radius\fP \fIRADIUS\fP]
[\fB\-\-size\fP \fISIZE\fP]
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH DESCRIPTION
Show planets in our solar system using simple ASCII characters and some
ANSI espace codes (if you chose to).
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-crosshair\fP, \fB\-c\fP
Draw a crosshair aiming at the sun. Equinoxes occur when the earth
passes the horizontal line, solstices occur when the earth passes the
vertical line. The \(lqleft\(rq equinox happens around March.
.TP
\fB\-\-font\-aspect\fP \fIFONT_ASPECT\fP
Set font aspect ratio (width / height). Defaults to \fB0.5\fP.
.TP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP
Show a brief help summary.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-colors\fP
Disable colors.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-trailing\-newline\fP
Do not print a newline after the last row.
.TP
\fB\-\-date\fP \fIYYYY-MM-DD\fP
Show that day instead of today.
.TP
\fB\-\-offset\fP \fIOFFSET\fP
Time offset in days.
.TP
\fB\-\-outer\fP
Show outer solar system. By default, the inner solar system is shown.
.TP
\fB\-\-radius\fP \fIRADIUS\fP
Maximum radius to show, in astronomical units. This is an alternative to
\fB\-\-outer\fP.
.TP
\fB\-\-size\fP \fISIZE\fP
Terminal size, e.g. \fB80x24\fP. If set to \fBauto\fP (the default), let
\fBasciiplanets\fP find out the current size.
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH LICENSE
\fBasciiplanets\fP is released as \(lqPIZZA-WARE\(rq. See the
accompanying \fILICENSE\fP file.
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH HISTORY
\fBasciiplanets\fP was originally written by Peter Hofmann. The project
was started in February 2015.
